README.md, before:

## NLP & machine learning with Python

### [Part 1](https://github.com/daywatch/Python/blob/main/P1_NLP_showcase.ipynb):
- NLP basics: N-grams, POS tagging, lemmatizer, data cleaning with both regular expression and stopwords, TF-IDF vectors, and Sentiment analysis

### [Part 2](https://github.com/daywatch/Python/blob/main/P2_NLP_showcase.ipynb): 
- Name entity recognition, clustering models (e.g., K-means, LDA, and BERT) and visualizations, keyword extraction, and sentence similarity search

### [Part 3](https://github.com/daywatch/Python/blob/main/P3_SVM_classification.ipynb):
- SVM classification with scikit-learn

### [Part 4](https://github.com/daywatch/Python/blob/main/P4_classification_keras.py):
- bi-LSTM classification with keras (my dissertation code)

### [Part 5](https://github.com/daywatch/Python/blob/main/P5_openNMTpy_transformer.txt):
- Grammar correction in OpenNMT-py (submitted for NLPCC GEC shared task)

### [Part 6](https://github.com/daywatch/Python/blob/main/P6_pytorch_transformerpy.py):
- Text Summarization with Encoder-decoder Transformer in Pytorch

### [Part 7](https://github.com/daywatch/Python/blob/main/P7_T5_HuggingFace.ipynb): 
- Text Summarization with T5 (Huggging Face)

### [Part 8](https://github.com/daywatch/Python/blob/main/P8_NLP_showcase.ipynb):
- Syntactic trees and lexical semantic features

### [Part 9](https://github.com/daywatch/Python/blob/main/P9_Perceptron_classification.ipynb): 
- Simple perceptron classification

### [Part 10](https://github.com/daywatch/Python/blob/main/P10_LSTM_with_Pytorch.ipynb):
- RNN/LSTM with Pytorch

### [Part 11](https://github.com/daywatch/Python/blob/main/P11_ChineseNLP.ipynb):
- Toolkits in Chinese NLP

### [Part 12](https://github.com/daywatch/Python/blob/main/P12_speechgraph_class_and_unit_tests_.py)
- Speech graph functions (following team product standard and unit testing procedure)

### [Part 13](https://github.com/daywatch/Python/blob/main/P13_tensorflow_speech_recognition_CNN_biGRU.ipynb)
- Speech recognition with tensorflow using CNN and bi-GRU

### [Part 14](https://github.com/daywatch/Python/blob/main/P14_XGBoost_and_autotuning.ipynb)
- XGBoost classification and tuning

### [Part 15](https://github.com/daywatch/Python/tree/main/P15_applied_recommendor_system)
- Some basic recommendation systems, including tfidf-embedding & MF/SVD (under construction)

### [Part 16](https://github.com/daywatch/Python/blob/main/P16_knowledge_graph_analyses.ipynb)
- Use a local Neo4j data for queries and exploratory graph analyses like centrality, community, and similarity

### Part 17 [**Computer Vision**](https://github.com/daywatch/Python/tree/main/computer_vision)
- includes my coding and learning on how to use, fine-tune, and apply CV models such as image classification and facial recognition

### Part 18 [Text Summarizer dev](https://github.com/daywatch/Python/tree/main/text_summarizer_dev)
- My dev directory on text summarizers, including frequency-based extractive models, transformer with BERT embedding, and BART

### Part 19 [**Containers**](https://github.com/daywatch/Python/tree/main/P19_docker_and_kubernetes)
- my dev code on docker and kubernetes

### Part 20 [**Acoustic feature extraction**](https://github.com/daywatch/Python/blob/main/P20_common_acoustic_features.ipynb)
- Feature extraction of some common speech features like intensity, MFCC. center of gravity, skewness, HNR, jitter & shimmer

<br>

## Other Python skills

### [Python data structure and algorithm practice (leetcode and similar)](https://github.com/daywatch/Python/tree/main/leetcode_problems_practice)
- Practice on DSA coding challenges

### [Pandas practice](https://github.com/daywatch/Python/tree/main/pandas)
- My notebooks on pandas and PySpark

### [Object-oriented programming](https://github.com/daywatch/Python/tree/main/object_oriented_programming)
- notes and miniproject on topics of OOPs (still updating): class, dunders, inheritance

### [Web scraping](https://github.com/daywatch/Python/tree/main/web_scraping)
- my code on using playright and asyncio to scrap job posts at a large scale

### [Streamlit](https://github.com/daywatch/Python/tree/main/streamlit)
- put simple NLP code onto streamlit UI

<br />

Commit message:

Adding codes on Airflow ETL

README.md, after:

## NLP & machine learning with Python

### [Part 1](https://github.com/daywatch/Python/blob/main/P1_NLP_showcase.ipynb):
- NLP basics: N-grams, POS tagging, lemmatizer, data cleaning with both regular expression and stopwords, TF-IDF vectors, and Sentiment analysis

### [Part 2](https://github.com/daywatch/Python/blob/main/P2_NLP_showcase.ipynb): 
- Name entity recognition, clustering models (e.g., K-means, LDA, and BERT) and visualizations, keyword extraction, and sentence similarity search

### [Part 3](https://github.com/daywatch/Python/blob/main/P3_SVM_classification.ipynb):
- SVM classification with scikit-learn

### [Part 4](https://github.com/daywatch/Python/blob/main/P4_classification_keras.py):
- bi-LSTM classification with keras (my dissertation code)

### [Part 5](https://github.com/daywatch/Python/blob/main/P5_openNMTpy_transformer.txt):
- Grammar correction in OpenNMT-py (submitted for NLPCC GEC shared task)

### [Part 6](https://github.com/daywatch/Python/blob/main/P6_pytorch_transformerpy.py):
- Text Summarization with Encoder-decoder Transformer in Pytorch

### [Part 7](https://github.com/daywatch/Python/blob/main/P7_T5_HuggingFace.ipynb): 
- Text Summarization with T5 (Huggging Face)

### [Part 8](https://github.com/daywatch/Python/blob/main/P8_NLP_showcase.ipynb):
- Syntactic trees and lexical semantic features

### [Part 9](https://github.com/daywatch/Python/blob/main/P9_Perceptron_classification.ipynb): 
- Simple perceptron classification

### [Part 10](https://github.com/daywatch/Python/blob/main/P10_LSTM_with_Pytorch.ipynb):
- RNN/LSTM with Pytorch

### [Part 11](https://github.com/daywatch/Python/blob/main/P11_ChineseNLP.ipynb):
- Toolkits in Chinese NLP

### [Part 12](https://github.com/daywatch/Python/blob/main/P12_speechgraph_class_and_unit_tests_.py)
- Speech graph functions (following team product standard and unit testing procedure)

### [Part 13](https://github.com/daywatch/Python/blob/main/P13_tensorflow_speech_recognition_CNN_biGRU.ipynb)
- Speech recognition with tensorflow using CNN and bi-GRU

### [Part 14](https://github.com/daywatch/Python/blob/main/P14_XGBoost_and_autotuning.ipynb)
- XGBoost classification and tuning

### [Part 15](https://github.com/daywatch/Python/tree/main/P15_applied_recommendor_system)
- Some basic recommendation systems, including tfidf-embedding & MF/SVD (under construction)

### [Part 16](https://github.com/daywatch/Python/blob/main/P16_knowledge_graph_analyses.ipynb)
- Use a local Neo4j data for queries and exploratory graph analyses like centrality, community, and similarity

### Part 17 [**Computer Vision**](https://github.com/daywatch/Python/tree/main/computer_vision)
- includes my coding and learning on how to use, fine-tune, and apply CV models such as image classification and facial recognition

### Part 18 [Text Summarizer dev](https://github.com/daywatch/Python/tree/main/text_summarizer_dev)
- My dev directory on text summarizers, including frequency-based extractive models, transformer with BERT embedding, and BART

### Part 19 [**Containers**](https://github.com/daywatch/Python/tree/main/P19_docker_and_kubernetes)
- my dev code on docker and kubernetes

### Part 20 [**Acoustic feature extraction**](https://github.com/daywatch/Python/blob/main/P20_common_acoustic_features.ipynb)
- Feature extraction of some common speech features like intensity, MFCC. center of gravity, skewness, HNR, jitter & shimmer

### Part 21 [**Data ETL with Apache Airflow**](https://github.com/daywatch/Python/tree/main/P21_airflow_orchestration_practice)
- This folder contains airflow CLI notes, a demo case of a SQL-based ETL pipeline, and a demo of a customized pipeline directed acyclic graph (DAG) plugin

<br>

## Other Python skills

### [Python data structure and algorithm practice (leetcode and similar)](https://github.com/daywatch/Python/tree/main/leetcode_problems_practice)
- Practice on DSA coding challenges

### [Pandas practice](https://github.com/daywatch/Python/tree/main/pandas)
- My notebooks on pandas and PySpark

### [Object-oriented programming](https://github.com/daywatch/Python/tree/main/object_oriented_programming)
- notes and miniproject on topics of OOPs (still updating): class, dunders, inheritance

### [Web scraping](https://github.com/daywatch/Python/tree/main/web_scraping)
- my code on using playright and asyncio to scrap job posts at a large scale

### [Streamlit](https://github.com/daywatch/Python/tree/main/streamlit)
- put simple NLP code onto streamlit UI

<br />
